add banners w SL / metrics updates link (#3302)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/metrics.md

  - dbt metrics layer
---

:::info Coming soon

> The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes, enabling more complex metric definitions, efficient querying, and changes to the [dbt_metrics package](https://docs.getdbt.com/blog/deprecating-dbt-metrics). For more info, check out the [The dbt Semantic Layer: what's next?](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/) blog.

Reviewer: Hmm. I think we need more stark language here because we'll be deprecating the dbt_metrics package.

Author: ok gotcha! i went too conservative! how about this @callum-mcdata :

> The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes, enabling more complex metric definitions and efficient querying. As part of these changes, the dbt_metrics package will be deprecated. For more info, check out the [The dbt Semantic Layer: what's next?](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/) and [dbt_metrics deprecation](https://docs.getdbt.com/blog/deprecating-dbt-metrics) blog.

Reviewer: > The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes, enabling more complex metric definitions and efficient querying. As part of these changes, the dbt_metrics package will be deprecated and replaced with MetricFlow. For more info ....

How about that?

Author: nicee! sounds great thanks @callum-mcdata !

> The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes, enabling more complex metric definitions, efficient querying, and changes to the [dbt_metrics package](https://docs.getdbt.com/blog/deprecating-dbt-metrics). For more info, check out the [The dbt Semantic Layer: what's next?](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/) blog.

Author: ```suggestion
The dbt Semantic Layer is undergoing some sophisticated changes, enabling more complex metric definitions and efficient querying. As part of these changes, the dbt_metrics package will be deprecated and replaced with MetricFlow. For more info, check out the [The dbt Semantic Layer: what's next?](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/) and [dbt_metrics deprecation](https://docs.getdbt.com/blog/deprecating-dbt-metrics) blog.
```
